and dursley of
dursley of number
of number four
number four privet
four privet drive
privet drive were
drive were proud
were proud to
proud to say
to say that
say that they
that they were
they were perfectly
were perfectly normal
perfectly normal thank
normal thank you
thank you very
you very much
very much they
much they were
they were the
were the last
the last people
last people you
people you expect
you expect to
expect to be
to be involved
be involved in
involved in anything
in anything strange
anything strange or
strange or mysterious
or mysterious because
mysterious because they
because they just
they just did
just did hold
did hold with
hold with such
with such nonsense
such nonsense dursley
nonsense dursley was
dursley was the
was the director
the director of
director of a
of a firm
a firm called
firm called grunnings
called grunnings which
grunnings which made
which made drills
made drills he
drills he was
he was a
was a big
a big beefy
big beefy man
beefy man with
man with hardly
with hardly any
hardly any neck
any neck although
neck although he
although he did
he did have
did have a
have a very
a very large
very large mustache
large mustache dursley
mustache dursley was
dursley was thin
was thin and
thin and blonde
and blonde and
blonde and had
and had nearly
had nearly twice
nearly twice the
twice the usual
the usual amount
usual amount of
amount of neck
of neck which
neck which came
which came in
came in very
in very useful
very useful as
useful as she
as she spent
she spent so
spent so much
so much of
much of her
of her time
her time craning
time craning over
craning over garden
over garden fences
garden fences spying
fences spying on
spying on the
on the neighbors
the neighbors the
neighbors the dursleys
the dursleys had
dursleys had a
had a small
a small son
small son called
son called dudley
called dudley and
dudley and in
and in their
in their opinion
their opinion there
opinion there was
there was no
was no finer
no finer boy
finer boy anywhere
boy anywhere the
anywhere the dursleys
the dursleys had
dursleys had everything
had everything they
everything they wanted
they wanted but
wanted but they
but they also
they also had
also had a
had a secret
a secret and
secret and their
and their greatest
their greatest fear
greatest fear was
fear was that
was that somebody
that somebody would
somebody would discover
would discover it
discover it they
it they think
they think they
think they could
they could bear
could bear it
bear it if
it if anyone
if anyone found
anyone found out
found out about
out about the
about the potters
the potters potter
potters potter was
potter was dursley
was dursley sister
dursley sister but
sister but they
but they had
they had met
had met for
met for several
for several years
several years in
years in fact
in fact dursley
fact dursley pretended
dursley pretended she
pretended she did
she did have
did have a
have a sister
a sister because
sister because her
because her sister
her sister and
sister and her
and her husband
her husband were
husband were as
were as undursleyish
as undursleyish as
undursleyish as it
as it was
it was possible
was possible to
possible to be
to be the
be the dursleys
the dursleys shuddered
dursleys shuddered to
shuddered to think
to think what
think what the
what the neighbors
the neighbors would
neighbors would say
would say if
say if the
if the potters
the potters arrived
potters arrived in
arrived in the
in the street
the street the
street the dursleys
the dursleys knew
dursleys knew that
knew that the
that the potters
the potters had
potters had a
had a small
a small son
small son too
son too but
too but they
but they had
they had never
had never even
never even seen
even seen him
seen him this
him this boy
this boy was
boy was another
was another good
another good reason
good reason for
reason for keeping
for keeping the
keeping the potters
the potters away
potters away they
away they did
they did want
did want dudley
want dudley mixing
dudley mixing with
mixing with a
with a child
a child like
child like that
like that when
that when and
when and dursley
and dursley woke
dursley woke up
woke up on
up on the
on the dull
the dull gray
dull gray tuesday
gray tuesday our
tuesday our story
our story starts
story starts there
starts there was
there was nothing
was nothing about
nothing about the
about the cloudy
the cloudy sky
cloudy sky outside
sky outside to
outside to suggest
to suggest that
suggest that strange
that strange and
strange and mysterious
and mysterious things
mysterious things would
things would soon
would soon be
soon be happening
be happening all
happening all over
all over the
over the country
the country dursley
country dursley hummed
dursley hummed as
hummed as he
as he picked
he picked out
picked out his
out his most
his most boring
most boring tie
boring tie for
tie for work
for work and
work and dursley
and dursley gossiped
dursley gossiped away
gossiped away happily
away happily as
happily as she
as she wrestled
she wrestled a
wrestled a screaming
a screaming dudley
screaming dudley into
dudley into his
into his high
his high chair
high chair none
chair none of
none of them
of them noticed
them noticed a
noticed a large
a large tawny
large tawny owl
tawny owl flutter
owl flutter past
flutter past the
past the window
the window at
window at half
at half past
half past eight
past eight dursley
eight dursley picked
dursley picked up
picked up his
up his briefcase
his briefcase pecked
briefcase pecked dursley
pecked dursley on
dursley on the
on the cheek
the cheek and
cheek and tried
and tried to
tried to kiss
to kiss dudley
kiss dudley but
dudley but missed
but missed because
missed because dudley
because dudley was
dudley was now
was now having
now having a
having a tantrum
a tantrum and
tantrum and throwing
and throwing his
throwing his cereal
his cereal at
cereal at the
at the walls
the walls little
walls little tyke
little tyke chortled
tyke chortled dursley
chortled dursley as
dursley as he
as he left
he left the
left the house
the house he
house he got
he got into
got into his
into his car
his car and
car and backed
and backed out
backed out of
out of number
of number four
number four drive
four drive it
drive it was
it was on
was on the
on the corner
the corner of
corner of the
of the street
the street that
street that he
that he noticed
he noticed the
noticed the first
the first sign
first sign of
sign of something
of something peculiar
something peculiar a
peculiar a cat
a cat reading
cat reading a
reading a map
a map for
map for a
for a second
a second dursley
second dursley did
dursley did realize
did realize what
realize what he
what he had
he had seen
had seen then
seen then he
then he jerked
he jerked his
jerked his head
his head around
head around to
around to look
to look again
look again there
again there was
there was a
was a tabby
a tabby cat
tabby cat standing
cat standing on
standing on the
on the corner
the corner of
corner of privet
of privet drive
privet drive but
drive but there
but there was
there was a
was a map
a map in
map in sight
in sight what
sight what could
what could he
could he have
he have been
have been thinking
been thinking of
thinking of it
of it must
it must have
must have been
have been a
been a trick
a trick of
trick of the
of the light
the light dursley
light dursley blinked
dursley blinked and
blinked and stared
and stared at
stared at the
at the cat
the cat it
cat it stared
it stared back
stared back as
back as dursley
as dursley drove
dursley drove around
drove around the
around the corner
the corner and
corner and up
and up the
up the road
the road he
road he watched
he watched the
watched the cat
the cat in
cat in his
in his mirror
his mirror it
mirror it was
it was now
was now reading
now reading the
reading the sign
the sign that
sign that said
that said privet
said privet drive
privet drive no
drive no looking
no looking at
looking at the
at the sign
the sign cats
sign cats could
cats could read
could read maps
read maps or
maps or signs
or signs dursley
signs dursley gave
dursley gave himself
gave himself a
himself a little
a little shake
little shake and
shake and put
and put the
put the cat
the cat out
cat out of
out of his
of his mind
his mind as
mind as he
as he drove
he drove toward
drove toward town
toward town he
town he thought
he thought of
thought of nothing
of nothing except
nothing except a
except a large
a large order
large order of
order of drills
of drills he
drills he was
he was hoping
was hoping to
hoping to get
to get that
get that day
that day but
day but on
but on the
on the edge
the edge of
edge of town
of town drills
town drills were
drills were driven
were driven out
driven out of
out of his
of his mind
his mind by
mind by something
by something else
something else as
else as he
as he sat
he sat in
sat in the
in the usual
the usual morning
usual morning traffic
morning traffic jam
traffic jam he
jam he could
he could help
could help noticing
help noticing that
noticing that there
that there seemed
there seemed to
seemed to be
to be a
be a lot
a lot of
lot of strangely
of strangely dressed
strangely dressed people
dressed people about
people about people
about people in
people in cloaks
in cloaks dursley
cloaks dursley could
dursley could bear
could bear people
bear people who
people who dressed
who dressed in
dressed in funny
in funny clothes
funny clothes the
clothes the getups
the getups you
getups you saw
you saw on
saw on young
on young people
young people he
people he supposed
he supposed this
supposed this was
this was some
was some stupid
some stupid new
stupid new fashion
new fashion he
fashion he drummed
he drummed his
drummed his fingers
his fingers on
fingers on the
on the steering
the steering wheel
steering wheel and
wheel and his
and his eyes
his eyes fell
eyes fell on
fell on a
on a huddle
a huddle of
huddle of these
of these weirdos
these weirdos standing
weirdos standing quite
standing quite close
quite close by
close by they
by they were
they were whispering
were whispering excitedly
whispering excitedly together
excitedly together dursley
together dursley was
dursley was enraged
was enraged to
enraged to see
to see that
see that a
that a couple
a couple of
couple of them
of them were
them were young
were young at
young at all
at all why
all why that
why that man
that man had
man had to
had to be
to be older
be older than
older than he
than he was
he was and
was and wearing
and wearing an
wearing an cloak
an cloak the
cloak the nerve
the nerve of
nerve of him
of him but
him but then
but then it
then it struck
it struck dursley
struck dursley that
dursley that this
that this was
this was probably
was probably some
probably some silly
some silly stunt
silly stunt these
stunt these people
these people were
people were obviously
were obviously collecting
obviously collecting for
collecting for something
for something yes
something yes that
yes that would
that would be
would be it
be it the
it the traffic
the traffic moved
traffic moved on
moved on and
on and a
and a few
a few minutes
few minutes later
minutes later dursley
later dursley arrived
dursley arrived in
arrived in the
in the grunnings
the grunnings parking
grunnings parking lot
parking lot his
lot his mind
his mind back
mind back on
back on drills
on drills dursley
drills dursley always
dursley always sat
always sat with
sat with his
with his back
his back to
back to the
to the window
the window in
window in his
in his office
his office on
office on the
on the ninth
the ninth floor
ninth floor if
floor if he
if he had
he had he
had he might
he might have
might have found
have found it
found it harder
it harder to
harder to concentrate
to concentrate on
concentrate on drills
on drills that
drills that morning
that morning he
morning he did
he did see
did see the
see the owls
the owls swoop
owls swoop ing
swoop ing past
ing past in
past in broad
in broad daylight
broad daylight though
daylight though people
though people down
people down in
down in the
in the street
the street did
street did they
did they pointed
they pointed and
pointed and gazed
and gazed mouthed
gazed mouthed as
mouthed as owl
as owl after
owl after owl
after owl sped
owl sped overhead
sped overhead most
overhead most of
most of them
of them had
them had never
had never seen
never seen an
seen an owl
an owl even
owl even at
even at nighttime
at nighttime dursley
nighttime dursley however
dursley however had
however had a
had a perfectly
a perfectly normal
perfectly normal morning
normal morning he
morning he yelled
he yelled at
yelled at five
at five different
five different people
different people he
people he made
he made several
made several important
several important telephone
important telephone calls
telephone calls and
calls and shouted
and shouted a
shouted a bit
a bit more
bit more he
more he was
he was in
was in a
in a very
a very good
very good mood
good mood until
mood until lunchtime
until lunchtime when
lunchtime when he
when he thought
he thought he
thought he stretch
he stretch his
stretch his legs
his legs and
legs and walk
and walk across
walk across the
across the road
the road to
road to buy
to buy himself
buy himself a
himself a bun
a bun from
bun from the
from the bakery
